The matter of occupancy eligibility has finally been resolved
The truth comes out
Shuang Xiao Chen
Do you really know Tang's richest man?
Then the eligibility for this stay
You earned the occupancy qualification yourself.
I have met the richest man in Tang Dynasty
That's what brought them back
But I just don't feel real
It was as if someone had given me a hand behind my back
You are paranoid
You saw it too
The richest man in Tang is very optimistic about you.
Is that right?
Are you my wife?
Su Wanqiu, don't be happy too early
Sooner or later
I'll take this place back
What is a design minister?
Sooner or later I will kill you
Son, did you forget something?
What's the matter with dad?
You promised yourself.
What are you?
Dare to insult me
Are you going to default?
Isn't it a default?
What can you do?
No one has dared to sell my Xiao Chen account
I die
You look at me, what's impossible?
Look what this is.
Can you read? Read it
intermittent psychosis
Don't worry, my disease is not contagious.
But I just can't stand the excitement
Especially when someone else is cheating on the bill, take a sip of wine
I just want to hit someone, daddy, daddy, daddy